welcome to slash forward this week we
start a new series with the 1980s
classic creature feature critters if
you've always wanted a pet with multiple
rows of razor teeth and poison barbed
projectile spines this might be the
channel for you let's get to it we open
on a prison asteroid in Sector 17 an own
garbage sector we learn from a flawless
english alien narration that a ship is
docking with a shipment of fresh crates
ready for containment but we soon
learned they're up to something and they
managed to bust out and flee into open
space the asteroid warden calls in his
most brutal and effective bounty hunters
tasked with finding and destroying the
Crites before they can feed then we
transitioned to down on the farm on
earth where Helen Brown is serving up
fresh country looks and a finger lickin
breakfast
despite the adil exciting we soon see
April selling out her brother and J
threading to Flay his son Doug a rare
insight into the seedy underbelly of
rural America down at the town jail we
meet Charlie the village drunk
complaining of picking up intergalactic
transmissions in his feelings he's
encouraged by sheriff Harvey to go ahead
and shut up and get back to work as the
capitalistic model is dependent on a
complacent and productive working class
meanwhile the hunters have locked in on
the escape ship slow Jack and spend some
time downloading a very Eurocentric view
of Earth culture through this process
one of them settles in on borrowing the
chiseled visages Johnny steel to help
with blending in back on earth we
establish that Charlie works for the
Browns and Doug is a pyro with access to
a dangerous amount of explosive material
eventually April rolls up with city
slicker Steve who she's invited to
dinner although before he's even close
to cleaning his plate of its fine
vittles she drags him off Jay expresses
concern about his oversexed daughter
which is fortuitous as she only drives
Steve a short distance to the barn where
she then pressures him into a sexually
explicit situation
just then the Krait ship rumbles through
the sky causing Charlie to spit up his
whiskey and creating a disturbance deep
in ma brown's loins right as her
passions are being reignited by the
playful music of Jay Steele Jay brown
decides to go have a look-see at what's
been disturbing the soil on his property
and takes Brad with him they venture
into the field at dark and find
themselves face down cow entrails thanks
to the Crites just about that time
deputy Jeff shows up and when a ball
darts out in front of him he
the gas straight into a ditch intent on
taking revenge against what he assumes
was a dog he ends up getting dragged
into his cruiser and feasted upon
shortly thereafter the hunters land and
find the feeding is started
despite technically being too late they
begin their hunt anyway while back at
the farm they find the phone dead and
the power out requiring Jay to go into
the cellar he discovers evidence of a
hungry critter lurking about confirmed
when he discovers a live one and while
he thinks better of touching it he gets
mauled nonetheless although Doug and
Helen do manage to drag him up the
stairs where the cool night air stings
his open wounds the still fresh hunter
decides poetically to take on the
appearance of a dead man and they juice
it toward town at the barn April and
Steve are still in the early stages of
their sexual exploration Steve attempts
to adjust the radio blindly reaching out
with his hand and pulling back a nub the
Krait then dives in and sucks out his
belly
Brad responding to the sound of the
screams feeds the crowd a live explosive
so they can get out of there the family
decides to run for it but finds the
truck shredded and Steve's car occupied
by big-ass cry they retreat to the house
pursued by a pack of carnivorous
tumbleweeds Jay's lost a step since his
baseball days so while Helen loads the
shotty as it's aimed at her face
Brad goes around the side of the house
to unlock the door back in town Johnny
Steele walks into the alley swing and
meet looking for Crites in intimidating
the locals for reasons unknown
they belly up to the bar and order some
Crites which they don't take kindly to
around these parts
in the ensuing confrontation they failed
to endear themselves to the locals and
the second bounty hunter continues his
spontaneous transformations back at the
homestead mouth screams about the
winters which Brad recognizes as a cry
for help
so he tenderly checks in on the mental
state of Helen and April but before long
old Santa Krait starts coming down the
chimney to eat dead ass boy after Helen
takes a poison-tipped spine to the neck
they retreat to the master bedroom in
the process Brad takes out one crate and
forces another to hide out in the toilet
with reports coming in from all over
town Harv finally decides to make his
way to the brown household where more
gunfire than usual has been heard
meanwhile Brad volunteers to go for a
phone but finds his steel horse knocked
about by a giant crate he leaves on foot
and Flags down a cruiser where he finds
Charlie acting odd and finally someone
gives the Bounty Hunter some info they
can use the whereabouts of some crates
so right as the
shoot their way out the hunters arrive
is start shooting their way in
Brad follows them in to retrieve the
family cat when he finds it he's put in
the unfortunate position of facing down
a giant crate which gets heated into the
front yard where the family's standing
around it rolls off with April and Brad
pursues it deep into the woods where he
meets up with Charlie following the call
of his teeth and they arrive at the ship
Brad sneaks in and plinks the bar
bringing April back enough to slip out
he leaves behind an unlit parting gift
which Charlie rectifies with his lucky
bottle of hooch knowing the end is near
the Crites passive-aggressively blow up
the brown residents before also
exploding the spaceman leave rewarding
Brad's warrior spirit with an iPhone 4
they survey the damage the next morning
when through the power of space tech
they find a button for unexploded nearby
recently exploded houses providing the
happy ending they felt we the audience
needed in order to accept this movie
critters released in 1986 was one of the
stronger entries in the slew of a V's
small creature series that came out I
would rank it maybe a little bit behind
gremlins probably ahead of troll and
definitely head of Ghoulies if you
enjoyed the video I'd love for you to
become a part of the channel by
subscribing thanks for watching